>> New series.
>> The greatest writer in
history never wrote a letter
and no record exists
showing he had an education,
but you're about to discover
why all this was covered up.
>> This week on Gaia, on "Beyond
Belief" with George Noory--
>>PAUL PERRY: I've heard so
many people describe heaven
that I am inclined to believe
that is what heaven looks like.
>> On "The Arc of Time"
>> An unknown intelligent
phenomenon managed to slip
into the psyche of
those contact witnesses,
making them believe they were
seeing occupants of the alleged
UFOs.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith--
>>FRANK DE LUCA:
But it takes a while
to see what I'm calling
the hidden personality.
And the Enneagram is
really talking about what
we don't see about ourselves.
>> Only on Gaia.